children and parents
Hi Alina, what is it in your purse
show me a look here
hairpins and what it is and scratch
comb and this
and scissors alina scissors I think of myself
there will be a wonderful hairdresser
I have one doll for you
who likes to go to
hair salon
let's play open the boxes
what kind of doll am i
and where is she going as logical she
gathered at the workshop watch this
special chair
Andy it will dry head and this
mirror pin and hairbrush
what are you standing with?
our dolls hair is so small for
fingertips blue face
with a pigtail so our doll can you
came to the hairdresser and said washing
Of course, you first need to wet your hair
look we have a spray away
now you need to comb your hair
We have to do this, you can but you can
and the little yellow crown the little yellow for you
things m excellent
do you think or we can and need a haircut
surely the sinus is a million scissors and
trim
how beautifully fashionable haircut
now you don't need to dry your head
for this there is a special chair
which we almost collected
look at one green part is missing
field hockey was inflating to fear
Of course it's fine now putting the doll on
armchair
I think the hair is already dry limo you can
get up
now we will choose for you
hairpin allen what kind of hairpin we are with you
choose a red flower and where else
you want for coca and here is a little yellow
hairpin and you watch her favorite color
as if two guests to like you
Alina and I also want to post do me
whether my husband and send a walk and I sit down
next to a hairdresser mobile so she
I made a beautiful tail first
Alina combing not hair what will be
farther
cherished great wizard p
now there once again we comb hard
girl is it really necessary to always be very
beautiful and tidy and always wash your hair
to make your hair look even more beautiful but
how well done you now I have too
the bone is you now have a ponytail
Alina
I and Lesha
and you know how to do tails and weave
pigtails measures then come next
time and we with Alina will teach you how to weave
something beautiful let's say goodbye